Sorting
Done - 1. After selecting the "Default sorting", the products should be sorted in alphabetically and ascending order
Done - 2. After selecting the "Sort by popularity", the products should be sorted according to popularity
Done - 3. After selecting the "Sort by average rating", the products should be sorted according to the average rating
Done - 4. After selecting the "Sort by latest", the products should be sorted according to what are the latest products
Done - 5. After selecting the "Sort by price: low to high", the products names should be sorted according to price from low to high
Done - 6. After selecting the "Sort by price: high to low", the products names should be sorted according to price from high to low
Done - 7. After selecting the "Sort by price: low to high", the product prices should be sorted according to price from low to high
Done - 8. After selecting the "Sort by price: high to low", the products prices should be sorted according to price from high to low

Searh products
Done - 1. After entering the "denimWithMultipleSpace" to text field and clicking the Search, the products that contains "denim" should be displayed
Done - 2. After entering the "blue" to text field and clicking the Search, the products that contains "blue" should be displayed
Done - 3. 3. After entering the "Dark Grey Jeans" to text field and clicking the Search, the user should be redirected to "product\'s info page"

Browse by categories
Done - 1. After selecting the "Accessories", the url field should display the Accessories link
Done - 2. After selecting the "Men", the url field should display the Men link
Done - 3. After selecting the "Men's Jeans", the url field should display the Men's Jeans link
Done - 4. After selecting the "Men's Shirts", the url field should display the Men's Shirts link
Done - 5. After selecting the "Men's Shoes", the url field should display the Men's Shoes link
Done - 6. After selecting the "Purses And Handbags", the url field should display the Purses And Handbags link
Done - 7. After selecting the "Women", the url field should display the Women link
Done - 8. After selecting the "Women's Jeans", the url field should display the Women's Jeans link
Done - 9. After selecting the "Women's Shirts", the url field should display the Women's Shirts link
Done - 10. After selecting the "Women's Shoes", the url field should display the Women's Shoes link
Done - 11. After unselecting any selected category, the url field should display the store link

Filter by price
Done - 1. After filtering the price to "$10 - $30", all the products within the $10 - $30 should be displayed
Done - 2. After filtering the price to "$140 - $150", all the products within the $140 - $150 should be displayed
Done - 3. After filtering the price to "$10", all the products that are worth $10 should be displayed
Done - 4. After filtering the price to "$100", all the products that are worth $100 should be displayed

Filter by price and Sorting
Done - 1. After filtering the price to "$60 - $100" and selecting the "Default sorting", the products should be sorted in alphabetically and ascending order
Done - 2. After filtering the price to "$60 - $100" and selecting the "Sort by popularity", the products should be sorted according to popularity
Done - 3. After filtering the price to "$60 - $100" and selecting the "Sort by average rating", the products should be sorted according to the average rating
Done - 4. After filtering the price to "$60 - $100" and selecting the "Sort by latest", the products should be sorted according to what are the latest products
Done - 5. After filtering the price to "$60 - $100" and selecting the "Sort by price: low to high", the products should be sorted according to price from low to high
Done - 6. After filtering the price to "$60 - $100" and selecting the "Sort by price: high to low", the products should be sorted according to price from high to low
Done - 7. After filtering the price to "$10" and selecting the "Default sorting", the products should be sorted in alphabetically and ascending order

Add to Cart
1. After clicking the "add to cart" multiple times for a single product, the cart badge should be updated
2. After clicking the "add to cart" to random products once, the cart badge should be updated
3. After clicking the "add to cart" multiple times to random products, the cart badge should be updated
4. After clicking the "add to cart" multiple times for a single product, the added product should be displayed correctly in the cart list
5. After clicking the "add to cart" to random products once, the added product should be displayed correctly in the cart list
6. After clicking the "add to cart" multiple times to random products, the added products should be displayed correctly in the cart list 
7. Adding a product, the user should be redirected to View Cart page after clicking the View Cart button below the Add to Cart button
8. Adding a product, the user should be redirected to View Cart page after clicking the View Cart button in the cart list
9. Adding a product, the user should be redirected to Checkout page after clicking the Checkout button in the cart list
10. After adding a single product, the subtotal should be computed correctly
11. After adding products, the subtotal should be computed correctly

Display
1. All the images should be not broken and displayed correctly
2. All the product names should be visible
3. All the categories should be visible
4. All the price should be visible
5. All the ratings should be visible
6. All the Add to Cart should be visible
7. If the products are more than 8, the pagination should be visible
8. If the products are less than 8, the pagination should not be visible


