Done - 1. After the user added a product to cart, the product name should be displayed correctly
Done - 2. After the user added a product to cart, the product price should be displayed correctly
Done - 3. After the user added a product to cart, the product quantity should be displayed correctly
Done - 4. After the user added a product to cart, the product subtotal should be displayed correctly
Done - 5. After the user added products to cart, each product name should be displayed correctly
Done - 6. After the user added products to cart, each product price should be displayed correctly
Done - 7. After the user added products to cart, each product quantity should be displayed correctly
Done - 8. After the user added products to cart, each product subtotal should be displayed correctly

Done - 9. After the user updated the quantity of random product, the "update cart" should be enabled
Done - 10. If the user did not update the quantity of random product, the "update cart" should be disabled
Done - 11. If the user deleted a product, it should display “Product name” removed. Undo?
Done - 12. If the user clicked the Undo button, the product should be listed again
Done - 13. The Flat rate should display "$5.00" if the address is in US
Done - 14. The Flat rate should display "$10.00" if the address is outside US

Done - 15. After the user selected a country and clicked the update button, the update should display
Done - 16. After the user clicked the country field and entered a keyword, any match should display in the list
Done - 17. After the user selected a state and clicked the update button, the update should display
Done - 18. After the user clicked the state field and entered a keyword, any match should display in the list
Done - 19. After the user entered a city and clicked the update button, the update should display
Done - 20. After the user entered a zip and clicked the update button, the update should display

21. The subtotal should be computed correctly after deleting a product
22. The subtotal should be computed correctly after deleting products
23. The subtotal should be computed correctly after updating a product's quantity
24. The subtotal should be computed correctly after updating each product's quantity

25. The total should be computed correctly after deleting a product
26. The total should be computed correctly after deleting products
27. The total should be computed correctly after updating a product's quantity
28. The total should be computed correctly after updating each product's quantity
29. The total should be computed correctly after selecting a US country
30. The total should be computed correctly after selecting not a US country
