Sorting
Done - 1. After selecting the "Default sorting", the products should be sorted in alphabetically and ascending order
Done - 2. After selecting the "Sort by popularity", the products should be sorted according to popularity
Done - 3. After selecting the "Sort by average rating", the products should be sorted according to the average rating
Done - 4. After selecting the "Sort by latest", the products should be sorted according to what are the latest products
Done - 5. After selecting the "Sort by price: low to high", the products names should be sorted according to price from low to high
Done - 6. After selecting the "Sort by price: high to low", the products names should be sorted according to price from high to low
Done - 7. After selecting the "Sort by price: low to high", the product prices should be sorted according to price from low to high
Done - 8. After selecting the "Sort by price: high to low", the products prices should be sorted according to price from high to low

Searh products
1. After entering the "denimWithMultipleSpace" to text field and clicking the Search, the products that contains "denim" should be displayed
2. After entering the "blue" to text field and clicking the Search, the products that contains "blue" should be displayed
3. After entering the "Dark Grey Jeans" to text field and clicking the Search, the products that contains "Dark Grey Jeans" should be displayed

Browse by categories
1. After selecting the "Accessories", only the products that are under accessories should be displayed
2. After selecting the "Men", only the products that are under men should be displayed
3. After selecting the "Men's Jeans", only the products that are under men's jean should be displayed
4. After selecting the "Men's Shirts", only the products that are under men's shirts should be displayed
5. After selecting the "Men's Shoes", only the products that are under men's shoes should be displayed
6. After selecting the "Purses And Handbags", only the products that are under purses and handbags should be displayed
7. After selecting the "Women", only the products that are under women should be displayed
8. After selecting the "Women's Jeans", only the products that are under women's jean should be displayed
9. After selecting the "Women's Shirts", only the products that are under women's shirts should be displayed
10. After selecting the "Women's Shoes", only the products that are under women's shoes should be displayed
11. After unselecting any selected category, the products that are under different categories should be displayed

Filter by price
1. After filtering the price to "$10 - $30", all the products within the $10 - $30 should be displayed
2. After filtering the price to "$140 - $150", all the products within the $140 - $150 should be displayed
3. After filtering the price to "$10", all the products that are worth $10 should be displayed
4. After filtering the price to "$100", all the products that are worth $100 should be displayed

Filter by price and Sorting
1. After filtering the price to "$60 - $100" and selecting the "Default sorting", the products should be sorted in alphabetically and ascending order
2. After filtering the price to "$60 - $100" and selecting the "Sort by popularity", the products should be sorted according to popularity
3. After filtering the price to "$60 - $100" and selecting the "Sort by average rating", the products should be sorted according to the average rating
4. After filtering the price to "$60 - $100" and selecting the "Sort by latest", the products should be sorted according to what are the latest products
5. After filtering the price to "$60 - $100" and selecting the "Sort by price: low to high", the products should be sorted according to price from low to high
6. After filtering the price to "$60 - $100" and selecting the "Sort by price: high to low", the products should be sorted according to price from high to low
7. After filtering the price to "$10" and selecting the "Default sorting", the products should be sorted in alphabetically and ascending order

