Account

Login Scenario
1. The login attempt should be successful after the user entered a valid email or username and password - done
2. The login attempt should fail after the user entered an unregistered email or username - done
3. The login attempt should fail after the user entered valid a email or username but empty password - done
4. The login attempt should fail after the user entered an unregistered email or username but empty password - done
5. The login attempt should fail due to empty username or email address and password - done


Reset password
1. The user should be redirected to the reset password page after clicking the "Lost your password" link - done
2. The email should be sent after the user entered a registered email - done
3. The email should not be sent after the user entered an unregistered email - done
4. The email should be sent after the user entered a registered username - done
5. The email should not be sent after the user entered an unregistered username - done


Register
username, email address password
1. Registration should be successful after entering a valid username, email address and password - done
2. Registration should fail after the user entered a valid username, email address but with empty password - done
3. Registration should fail after the user entered a valid username and password but with empty email address - done
4. Registration should fail after the user entered a valid username but with empty email address and password - done
5. Registration should fail after the user entered a valid email address and password but with empty username - done
6. Registration should fail after the user entered a valid username and password but with empty email address - done
7. Registration should fail after the user entered a valid password but with empty username and password - done
8. Registration should fail due to empty username, email address and password - done
9. Registration should fail after the user entered an invalid email address - skip
10. Registration should fail after the user entered an existing username - done
11. Registration should fail after the user entered an existing email address - done
12. Registration should fail after the user entered an existing username and email address - done

